As you begin the journey into this third
course in the specialization dealing
with Front-End JavaScript frameworks,
in particular AngularJS,
let me give you a quick
overview of the entire course.
And then position it in
the context of the specialization.
Going back to our diagram where we looked
at various technologies in the previous
lecture, this particular course is
still dealing with the front end side.
We are looking at front end JavaScript,
Frameworks.
How they make use of the JavaScript on
the front end side in order to deliver
their information to the users, or
random information in a browser.
So, this course dealing with AngularJS,
one of the most popular front
end Java Script frameworks
will give you a in-depth introduction
to various features of AngularJS.
As you go through this
course in addition to
AngularJS We will also
deal with web tools.
We have already seen node and
in the previous course.
In this course, we're gonna look
at task runners, Grunt and Gulp.
And also, scaffolding tools,
Yo and the whole tool bench,
the Yeoman tool bench,
which includes Yo, Grunt and Gulp and
together, to enable your
web development work flow.
This diagram is a big picture overview of
several things that you will encounter
as you go through this course.
This picture may not make as much
sense to you at this moment.
But when complete the course we will come
back to this picture one more time, and
then see how all that we have covered fits
into the big picture view of AngularJS.
So as you go through this course,
we will realize that views which
is what is seen by the end user.
Is rendered in AngularJS as a combination
of templates and controllers.
They require the use of scope.
Templates themselves
are built using directives.
Which we will explore in some detail.
And we might need to do some
data filtering using Filters.
Now the controllers themselves
pull the data in from Factories,
or Services, or Providers.
These Factory Service or Provider
in turn are the ones that interact
with the back end server in order to
pull in the data into your application.
Your application itself, the Angular
application, is organized as a module or
as a group of cooperating modules.
Each module has a configuration.
And when you have multiple
views how you move
from one view to another in
response to radius events and
user interactions is all controlled by.
So we will examine this entire
picture as we go through this course.
And then I'll come back to this
picture at the end of the course,
then put the entire course
in the right perspective.
Once you complete all these
different pieces that you will see
when you go through this course.
The course itself is
organized into four modules,
each module corresponding
to one week of work.
In the first module we will still
review the Full Stack Web Development.
If you are coming in
from the previous course,
you will already seen me talking
about Full Stack Web Development.
You may just wish to review just
the course overview in this lesson.
After that,
we'll introduce you to AngularJS,
then we'll look at Model View Controller
and model view whatever frame works
that are essential for understanding and
how Angular applications are built.
Then we'll look at Angular Filters, and
that will take you through to
the first assignment in this course.
The second module concentrates
on giving you the skills
of using task runners to automate
your web development tasks.
We'll look at Grunt and
Gulp in a reasonable amount of detail to
help you understand how this
tools are organized, and
how they enable you to manage
your development workflow.
In addition we'll look at Angular Scope,
and
an important concept about Angular
forms and form validation.
Support that is built into Angular, and
that will take you through
to the second assignment.
The third week will concentrate
on Single Page Applications.
Now, Angular can be used without using
it for Single Page Applications.
Single Page Applications are something
that brings angular together and
then brings the entirety
of the angular support
integrated well into delivering
a excellent application to the end user.
So we'll look at how we communicate with
a back end using an Angular Factory or
a Service.
We'll also talk about
Dependency Injection.
We'll look at Angular Templates and
how they play a roll
in defining the views that you use
within your angular repetition.
Then we look at routing, in particular
about Angular's ngRoute module.
For developing single page applications.
We also look at the angular UI-Router
which is another module that
also enables you to build
single page applications.
UI-Router is more flexible of the two.
That'll take you through
to assignment three
where you will complete
a single page application.
Finally, in the last module, we are
dealing with Client-Server Communication.
What kind of support does Angular have for
providing Client-Server Communication?
So we'll give you a quick
overview of networking,
essentials that are necessary for you to
understand Client-Server Communication.
We'll look at the use of
Angular's $Http Service, and
Angular's $resource Module to
enable Client-Server Communication.
We'll briefly touch upon
Angular Testing and then round it off
with a discussion about
scaffolding tunes U.
.And the Yeoman work flow.
That will take you all the way through
to the final assignment in this course.
Now the Angular course lays
a very good foundation for
the next course that is coming up in
this specialization, which is about
mobile application development using HTML,
CSS, and JavaScript.
Where we will look at Cordova and
the Ionic Framework.
I hope you have fun going
through this course.
Again, it is going to be hard work but
it is definitely worth
the work that you put in.
Please take the time to
learn the concepts in depth.
And as always, I am right behind
you to take care of any questions,
comments, and issues that arise
as you go through this course.